A building collapsed at a demolition site...
in Daeyeon-dong, Busan today.
Here's a list of the injured.
Park Yong Jae, a 35-year-old welder.
Oh Hee Jung, a 42-year-old labor worker.
Song Woo Jae, a 28-year-old student.
Jang Seok Nam, a 45-year-old laborer.
Let the patient through!
- Oh no... - Honey!
- Honey! - Help me!
We have an ER patient.
- We have another patient. - Please make way.
I got a call. I'm looking for Song Woo Jae.
Are you his guardian? Ask someone over there.
(Woo Jae)
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
Please hurry, sir.
Please hurry.
Didn't you eat?
Not since morning.
Eat up quick.
They're looking for you.
The milk.
I thought I was going to die.
How do you know my sister?
I told you. We work together.
You like her, don't you?
Sorry.
You must really do.
Are you crazy?
How can you like someone like her?
I wonder.
I quite like you.
Thanks.
No need to be polite.
From now on, I'll call you...
my brother-in-law, Hyun.
Brother-in-law?
Hyun.
- Yes? - Speak freely.
Okay, then.
Do me a favor.
Don't tell Eun Jae about tonight.
Why?
She'll get worried over nothing.
I wasn't hurt that badly.
You'll be mentioned on the news.
Eun Jae doesn't watch the news.
She cares about nothing but surgeries.
You like her, and you don't even know that?
(Emergency Center)
Can you hear me?
Are you okay? Are you okay?
Doctor, do something.
Nurse.
Do something, please.
What happened?
- I think... - Did she see us?
Woo Jae, you should sit up.
I am not sitting up.
You should hide too.
Song Woo Jae.
What are you saying?
Stop right there.
Would you if you were me?
What are you doing?
Do as she says.
I thought we were friends.
You're no longer my brother-in-law.
Will you stop saying that? Come with me.
What now?
Come here.
Sit.
Working part-time?
What about college? Why are you working?
To make money.
Do you think I went to play?
I send you an allowance.
You told me to do as I wish.
So why did you beg me for more money?
I wired you 300 dollars...
Are you...
Look at me.
Is it? Is it Dad?
You met?
When? When did he come back?
Two months ago.
That long ago?
Did he take all your money?
He didn't. I gave it to him.
Just your allowance?
Did you enroll this semester?
You didn't?
Did he take your tuition too?
No, Dad said...
he had something to take care of.
Do you believe that?
- He has lied to us... - More than once.
I know he lied to us numerous times.
And?
I wanted to fall for it.
He's still...
our dad.
- What's that for? - You paid his bills.
That should cover the return gas charge and some extra.
What I can't pay back in money,
the stress and time you wasted, I'll make up for it in another way.
No.
This is enough.
If we were to go into such detail,
I owe you much more.
This is all I need.
- I'd like to drive you... - I'll take a taxi.
Okay. Take care.
Oh dear.
I told him to throw everything out.
No, stop it.
As if you can do this with one arm. Stay still.
The other side.
Why are you alone?
Dr. Song isn't back. I thought you'd be with her.
Pour me one.
Stay here tonight,
and go to our aunt's tomorrow.
I don't,
but you get along with her.
Why aren't you answering? Don't you want to?
You're like Mom.
To see you like that reminds me of Mom.
Once you try the porridge I made,
you'll regret saying that.
It seems like you're suffering.
Is it because of Doctor Song?
I can understand. I mean...
It's okay to suffer.
Doctor Song is cool.
She's charming even from women's perspective.
She's beautiful, talented, and charismatic.
More than anything, she's pure and honest.
For an amazing woman like her,
it's worthwhile to suffer.
Guess what, Hyun.
You're as amazing as Doctor Song.
No, you're more amazing than her.
Doctor Song...
will find out soon.
She might already know that.
It hasn't been long since she lost her mom.
- She needs some time. - This isn't like you.
If you have something to say, just say it.
I lost.
I'm quite a qualified woman,
but I can't compare to Doctor Song.
She's so amazing that I can't keep up with her.
More importantly...
Now,
you like...
Doctor Song.
You like her more than me.
I grant you my permission.
You can love Dr. Song as much as you want,
but give me two years.
Can you wait for two years?
Two years later,
- I'll leave. - Young Eun.
When...
I've disappeared from this world.
Then you can love Dr. Song as much as you want.
What do you mean?
I'm diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia.
The doctor said...
I'm going to die.
[VIU Ver] Episode 19 Hospital Ship "Do You Like My Sister?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Are you sleeping?
I should be.
You should eat better.
You lost weight.
Take care of yourself.
Gosh.
- Woo Jae. - Yes?
From now on, if Dad contacts you,
you must tell me, okay?
Why aren't you answering?
Okay, I heard you.
About that doctor of Internal Medicine...
- Yes? - He seems nice.
Right.
But why are you so cold to him?
What do you mean?
You weren't shopping at a supermarket.
You paid him immediately without thanking him first.
You should treat him better.
He seems to like you.
Stop talking nonsense, and go to sleep.
Do you like him too?
Am I wrong?
Why aren't you answering? Do you like him or not?
It doesn't matter...
whether I like him or not.
Of course, it does. It will be a great romance.
You've never experienced true love before.
That's not a way to live.
Woo Jae, do you know this?
Mom dated Dad...
since she was 20.
They loved each other passionately.
- So you know. - Gosh.
I know more about it than you do.
Look how their passionate love turned out in the end.
Mom...
passed away before he could say goodbye.
Do you still want to care about love?
I'm diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia.
(Diagnosis)
The doctor said I'm going to die.
- Hey. - Stay still.
Are you giving up?
- Goodness. - It's too heavy.
What? I can't hear you.
- Have some coffee. - Thank you.
- Here you go. - Gosh.
Are you coming from the hospital?
How is your brother?
How do we know?
- How? - Why wouldn't we?
We got so many calls...
at the hospital ship and the dormitory.
I'm sorry about that.
It's nothing to be sorry about.
How is your brother?
Thankfully, he isn't seriously injured.
He was discharged last night.
Is that so? I'm glad to hear that.
Now that everyone is here, shall we get going?
Doctor Kwak isn't here yet.
Ms. Choi won't join us today.
She has to be at the hospital for few days.
For how many days? Is she sick?
I think so.
Here's your coffee.
"Leukemia"?
Is that leukemia?
Why are you researching it?
- Is someone sick? - No.
I wanted to look up something.
(Preparation for test)
Shall we start?
Is it necessary to do it again?
It's the most awful type of leukemia.
It's difficult to treat even with chemotherapy.
We must consider hematopoietic stem cell transplant.
Currently, we have no matching donors.
Let's try to find other solutions.
Aren't you Young Eun?
I wasn't sure, but it was you.
What brings you here?
I'm here to get a check-up.
You get a disease or two when you get old.
What about you? Why are you here?
Are you sick or something?
No. Yes, I mean...
What are you saying? Are you sick or not?
I should get going. I'm a little busy.
She didn't even greet me properly.
She thinks I'm just the mother of her ex-boyfriend.
What a rude girl.
All right. It's all done.
Please use the teeth in the opposite side to chew for a day,
and avoid eating something too cold or too hot.
All right.
What about my medicine?
Please wait outside for it.
Thanks.
I'm hungry. I want my lunch now, please.
- There is no food. - What do you mean?
The microwave broke down,
so she couldn't make any food.
Is that what we're eating today?
Do you want some? It's tasty.
No. I'm so sick of instant noodles.
Don't eat anything then.
You should be grateful that we still have these.
- Darn it. - Stop whining.
It's not like you haven't eaten anything for days.
Captain Na is leaving.
- Oh, yes. Are you done? - Yes.
- Thank you. - You're welcome.
What's that?
You can't work properly if you eat that kind of food.
Do you want to eat seafood pancake?
- Seafood pancake? - My brother...
runs a restaurant on Jisim Island.
He makes the best seafood pancake in the country.
You gave me such thorough treatment,
and my teeth don't hurt at all now.
I feel so much better.
I will treat you all to show my gratitude.
Would 10 pancakes be enough?
But Jisim Island is quite far from here.
It only takes 15 minutes by my boat.
I'll go and bring it before the lunch time ends.
I'll go with him.
Some rice wine would be...
bad, right?
It'd be bad, of course. I know.
No rice wine then.
- Yes! - Seafood pancake!
Hello? This is the hospital ship.
What?
Call the doctors.
Doctor Song! Doctor Kwak!
There's a patient who can't breathe!
- What's going on? - I'm not sure.
I'm listening. Where are you right now?
He was eating lunch.
I think something is stuck in his throat.
Dad. Dad!
Ma'am. Ma'am?
His face is turning blue.
My dad's face is...
I think it's airway obstruction.
My goodness.
Ma'am, please stay calm...
and put me on speaker.
Okay.
Dad.
Dad...
I got the Coast Guard on the phone.
The golden time for airway obstruction is only four minutes.
I would get there faster.
No, there is someone who can get there faster than you.
Faster than me?
Look at the color of the sea.
What a fantastic view.
Hi, Hyun. What's up?
Are you on Jisim Island now?
Yes. Why do you sound so serious?
The patient's life is in your hands now.
What did you say?
Dad, please get up.
Place a fist on his solar plexus,
and cover your fist with your other hand.
Okay.
Pull them hard up to his heart.
- It's not working. - Try again.
Please, Joon Young.
Please hurry.
It's not working.
What do I do?
Is my dad going to die like this?
Listen to me carefully.
A doctor is on his way to your house,
but the only person who can save your father right now...
is you.
I can't. I can't do it.
- Dad... - You can do it.
Pull yourself together. You have to save your father. Come on.
Dad.
- Dad. - Where is he?
What happened?
Joon Young, do the Heimlich maneuver.
Do it now.
(Heimlich maneuver, a first aid method for airway obstruction)
- Oh, goodness. - Please move.
Get the other side.
It's not working. I think it's too late.
Try the Heimlich maneuver one more time,
and perform CPR if it doesn't work.
No...
- Dad! - Lay him down.
Joon Young, answer me.
Answer me now. What happened?
Dad.
Doctor Cha can't talk right now.
Why not? What happened to the patient?
Dad, you're alive.
Oh, gosh. Dad.
Luckily, the patient is okay now.
But...
Doctor Cha seems to be unconscious.
Unconscious?
I... I saved a patient with these hands.
If I hadn't arrived in time...
It's okay.
Stop crying.
Everything turned out well.
(Episode 20 will air shortly.)